EU Access in KEB - documentation update (#2368)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/eu_access.md

# EU access

## Overview

> Eu Access requires (among others) that Data Residency is in European Economic Area or Switzerland 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EU Access requires, among others, that Data Residency is in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. 
```

> (see [EU Access overview](https://wiki.one.int.sap/wiki/display/IntBusComp/EU+Access+Overview) for further details). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [EU Access Overview](https://wiki.one.int.sap/wiki/display/IntBusComp/EU+Access+Overview). 
```

> BTP Kyma runtime service supports the BTP `cf-eu11` AWS subaccount region and BTP `cf-ch20` Azure subaccount region 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BTP Kyma runtime service supports the BTP `cf-eu11` AWS and BTP `cf-ch20` Azure subaccount regions which are
```

called EU Access BTP subaccount regions. 

> Kyma control plane manages `cf-eu11` Kyma runtimes in separate AWS hyperscaler account pool and 
> `cf-ch20` Kyma runtimes in separate Azure hyperscaler account pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Control Plane manages `cf-eu11` Kyma runtimes in a separate AWS hyperscaler account pool and 
`cf-ch20` Kyma runtimes in a separate Azure hyperscaler account pool.
```

> When the PlatformRegion is an EU access BTP subaccount region, Kyma Environment Broker (KEB):
> - provides the `euAccess` parameter to the provisioner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the PlatformRegion is an EU access BTP subaccount region:
-  Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides the `euAccess` parameter to Provisioner
```

> When the PlatformRegion is an EU access BTP subaccount region, Kyma Environment Broker (KEB):
> - provides the `euAccess` parameter to the provisioner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the PlatformRegion is an EU access BTP subaccount region:
-  Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides the `euAccess` parameter to Provisioner
```

> - KEB services catalog handler being aware of the platform regions:
>   - for `cf-eu11` exposes `eu-central-1` as possible value for the `region` parameter
>   - for `cf-ch20` exposes `switzerlandnorth` as possible value for the `region` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- KEB services catalog handler exposes:
  - `eu-central-1` as the only possible value for the `region` parameter for `cf-eu11` 
  - `switzerlandnorth` as the only possible value for the `region` parameter for `cf-ch20`
```
